CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to GrubHackPro

Thank you for your interest in contributing to GrubHackPro! This document provides guidelines for contributing to the project.

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Fork the repository** on GitHub
2. **Clone your fork** locally:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/aqarooni02/GrubHackPro.git
   cd GrubHackPro
   ```
3. **Set up the development environment**:
   ```bash
   ./setup.sh
   ```

## 🛠️ Development Workflow

### Creating a New Module

1. **Use the module generator**:
   ```bash
   ./tools/create-module.sh my-awesome-game
   ```

2. **Develop your module** in the generated directory

3. **Test your module**:
   ```bash
   ./build.sh
   ./run.sh
   ```

### Code Style Guidelines

- **C Code**: Follow GNU coding standards
- **Comments**: Document complex logic and public APIs
- **Naming**: Use descriptive names for functions and variables
- **Indentation**: Use 4 spaces for indentation
- **Line Length**: Keep lines under 80 characters when possible

### Example Module Structure

```c
// mygame.c
#include <grub/types.h>
#include <grub/misc.h>
#include <grub/mm.h>
#include <grub/video.h>

// Module initialization
static grub_err_t
mygame_init (grub_extcmd_context_t ctxt, int argc, char **args)
{
    // Your initialization code here
    return GRUB_ERR_NONE;
}

// Module cleanup
static grub_err_t
mygame_fini (void)
{
    // Your cleanup code here
    return GRUB_ERR_NONE;
}

// Module definition
GRUB_MOD_INIT(mygame)
{
    // Register commands, hooks, etc.
}

GRUB_MOD_FINI(mygame)
{
    // Cleanup
}
```

## 📝 Submitting Changes

### Before Submitting

1. **Test your changes** thoroughly
2. **Update documentation** if needed
3. **Add examples** to the examples/ directory
4. **Check for memory leaks** and proper cleanup

### Pull Request Process

1. **Create a feature branch**:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/my-awesome-game
   ```

2. **Commit your changes**:
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Add my awesome game module"
   ```

3. **Push to your fork**:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/my-awesome-game
   ```

4. **Create a Pull Request** on GitHub

### Pull Request Guidelines

- **Clear title**: Describe what your PR does
- **Detailed description**: Explain the changes and motivation
- **Screenshots**: Include screenshots for visual changes
- **Testing**: Describe how you tested the changes
- **Documentation**: Update relevant documentation

## 🎮 Module Categories

### Games
- Interactive games (Pong, Snake, etc.)
- Puzzle games
- Arcade-style games

### System Tools
- Boot-time utilities
- System information displays
- Diagnostic tools

### Visual Demos
- Particle systems
- Animations
- Fractals and mathematical visualizations

### Educational
- Tutorial modules
- Code examples
- Learning projects

## 🐛 Reporting Issues

When reporting bugs, please include:

1. **System information**: OS, GRUB version, QEMU version
2. **Steps to reproduce**: Clear, numbered steps
3. **Expected behavior**: What should happen
4. **Actual behavior**: What actually happens
5. **Screenshots**: If applicable
6. **Logs**: Any error messages or logs

## 💡 Feature Requests

For feature requests, please:

1. **Check existing issues** first
2. **Describe the feature** clearly
3. **Explain the use case** and benefits
4. **Provide examples** if possible

## 📚 Documentation

- **Code comments**: Document complex logic
- **README updates**: Update relevant sections
- **API documentation**: Update API.md for new functions
- **Examples**: Add working examples

## 🏷️ Version Control

- **Commit messages**: Use clear, descriptive messages
- **Branch naming**: Use descriptive branch names
- **Atomic commits**: One logical change per commit
- **Rebase**: Keep history clean with rebasing

## 🤝 Code of Conduct

- Be respectful and inclusive
- Focus on constructive feedback
- Help others learn and grow
- Follow the golden rule

## 📞 Getting Help

- **GitHub Issues**: For bugs and feature requests
- **Discussions**: For questions and general discussion
- **Documentation**: Check the docs/ directory first

## 🎉 Recognition

Contributors will be recognized in:
- README.md contributors section
- Release notes
- Project documentation

Thank you for contributing to GrubHackPro! 🎮✨

Commit message:

Add beta status notice and testing feedback request
- Added prominent beta status warning in README.md
- Emphasized testing and feedback welcome in CONTRIBUTING.md
- Acknowledges repository needs additional testing and research

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to GrubHackPro

Thank you for your interest in contributing to GrubHackPro! This document provides guidelines for contributing to the project.

> **⚠️ Beta Testing**: This repository is currently in beta and open for testing. We especially welcome feedback on the setup process, build scripts, and overall development experience. Your testing and feedback will help us improve the toolkit!

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. **Fork the repository** on GitHub
2. **Clone your fork** locally:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/aqarooni02/GrubHackPro.git
   cd GrubHackPro
   ```
3. **Set up the development environment**:
   ```bash
   ./setup.sh
   ```

## 🛠️ Development Workflow

### Creating a New Module

1. **Use the module generator**:
   ```bash
   ./tools/create-module.sh my-awesome-game
   ```

2. **Develop your module** in the generated directory

3. **Test your module**:
   ```bash
   ./build.sh
   ./run.sh
   ```

### Code Style Guidelines

- **C Code**: Follow GNU coding standards
- **Comments**: Document complex logic and public APIs
- **Naming**: Use descriptive names for functions and variables
- **Indentation**: Use 4 spaces for indentation
- **Line Length**: Keep lines under 80 characters when possible

### Example Module Structure

```c
// mygame.c
#include <grub/types.h>
#include <grub/misc.h>
#include <grub/mm.h>
#include <grub/video.h>

// Module initialization
static grub_err_t
mygame_init (grub_extcmd_context_t ctxt, int argc, char **args)
{
    // Your initialization code here
    return GRUB_ERR_NONE;
}

// Module cleanup
static grub_err_t
mygame_fini (void)
{
    // Your cleanup code here
    return GRUB_ERR_NONE;
}

// Module definition
GRUB_MOD_INIT(mygame)
{
    // Register commands, hooks, etc.
}

GRUB_MOD_FINI(mygame)
{
    // Cleanup
}
```

## 📝 Submitting Changes

### Before Submitting

1. **Test your changes** thoroughly
2. **Update documentation** if needed
3. **Add examples** to the examples/ directory
4. **Check for memory leaks** and proper cleanup

### Pull Request Process

1. **Create a feature branch**:
   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/my-awesome-game
   ```

2. **Commit your changes**:
   ```bash
   git add .
   git commit -m "Add my awesome game module"
   ```

3. **Push to your fork**:
   ```bash
   git push origin feature/my-awesome-game
   ```

4. **Create a Pull Request** on GitHub

### Pull Request Guidelines

- **Clear title**: Describe what your PR does
- **Detailed description**: Explain the changes and motivation
- **Screenshots**: Include screenshots for visual changes
- **Testing**: Describe how you tested the changes
- **Documentation**: Update relevant documentation

## 🎮 Module Categories

### Games
- Interactive games (Pong, Snake, etc.)
- Puzzle games
- Arcade-style games

### System Tools
- Boot-time utilities
- System information displays
- Diagnostic tools

### Visual Demos
- Particle systems
- Animations
- Fractals and mathematical visualizations

### Educational
- Tutorial modules
- Code examples
- Learning projects

## 🐛 Reporting Issues

When reporting bugs, please include:

1. **System information**: OS, GRUB version, QEMU version
2. **Steps to reproduce**: Clear, numbered steps
3. **Expected behavior**: What should happen
4. **Actual behavior**: What actually happens
5. **Screenshots**: If applicable
6. **Logs**: Any error messages or logs

## 💡 Feature Requests

For feature requests, please:

1. **Check existing issues** first
2. **Describe the feature** clearly
3. **Explain the use case** and benefits
4. **Provide examples** if possible

## 📚 Documentation

- **Code comments**: Document complex logic
- **README updates**: Update relevant sections
- **API documentation**: Update API.md for new functions
- **Examples**: Add working examples

## 🏷️ Version Control

- **Commit messages**: Use clear, descriptive messages
- **Branch naming**: Use descriptive branch names
- **Atomic commits**: One logical change per commit
- **Rebase**: Keep history clean with rebasing

## 🤝 Code of Conduct

- Be respectful and inclusive
- Focus on constructive feedback
- Help others learn and grow
- Follow the golden rule

## 📞 Getting Help

- **GitHub Issues**: For bugs and feature requests
- **Discussions**: For questions and general discussion
- **Documentation**: Check the docs/ directory first

## 🎉 Recognition

Contributors will be recognized in:
- README.md contributors section
- Release notes
- Project documentation

Thank you for contributing to GrubHackPro! 🎮✨
